Stellar is an OS/Operating System made by a solo Autistic developer, started in 2025, & heavy-progression began early 2026!
Stellar is similar to Linux, with huge amounts of customizability, but similar to Microsoft, with copious amounts of built-in software for completely free!

Current base software for Stellar:

1. Base stuff, settings, files, photos, etc
2. 2d Game Engine (simple, lightweight & offline (no multi-collaboration or multiplayer games!))
3. 3d Game Engine (simple, lightweight & offline (no multi-collaboration or multiplayer games!))
4. An inbuilt code editor with huge amounts of built-in software, Node.js & Flux (as examples)
5. Custom Web Browser, except the browser has 2 options that can be changed at any time! It can be just a base browser, or you can customize it with code & or customization settings!

Who is Stellar best for?

Stellar is best for people who love programming and want something built for programming, it has many programming things, game dev things & is built just for programming & game development!

What was Stellar made with?

Stellar was made with many languages, the main ones being C, Java, Go, Rust, & Assembley
Stellar's Software was made with many languages, such as C, C++, Java, Go, Rust, Lua, & PHP

Why am I making Stellar?

I am developing Stellar because I thought it would be a fun project & I think it would contribute to my goal of becoming the best programmer in the world!
I also think it could be really useful as Linux is good for programmers but it is more hacking based and can be hard to setup for programmers who arent very involved in the terminal so I want to make something similar but much better & with tons of custom software, I am also looking for a person to help me with the cybersecurity as it is one of my weaker points, I am still good I just want someone better so that it can be very safe for all users!
I think it would be better as a VM/Virtual Machine and not used as a main Operating System, as it is NOT going to be built well for Multiplayer games, as it is very programming-focused. ^_^
